Initially united in 1854 by the promise to abolish slavery, the Republican Party has always stood for freedom, prosperity, and opportunity. Today, as those principles come under attack from the far-left, we are engaged in a national effort to fight for our proven agenda, take our message to every American, grow the party, promote election integrity, and elect Republicans up and down the ballot. The principles of the Republican Party recognize the God-given liberties while promoting opportunity for every American.
Republicans believe in liberty, economic prosperity, preserving American values and traditions, and restoring the American dream for every citizen of this great nation. As a party, we support policies that seek to achieve those goals. 

Our platform is centered on stimulating economic growth for all Americans, protecting constitutionally-guaranteed freedoms, ensuring the integrity of our elections, and maintaining our national security. We are working to preserve America's greatness for our children and grandchildren.

The Republican Party's legacy -- we were originally founded in 1854 for the purpose of ending slavery -- compels us to patriotically defend America's values. As the left attempts to destroy what makes America great, the Republican Party is standing in the breach to defend our nation and way of life.

Republicans believe in liberty, economic prosperity, preserving American values and traditions, and restoring the American dream for every citizen of this great nation. As a party, we support policies that seek to achieve those goals. 

Our platform is centered on stimulating economic growth for all Americans, protecting constitutionally-guaranteed freedoms, ensuring the integrity of our elections, and maintaining our national security. We are working to preserve America's greatness for our children and grandchildren.

With phrases like “Big Government Sucks”, “Gen Z is Gen Free”, and the incorporation of pop-culture into day-to-day activities, TPUSA reaches new demographics and continuously expands its base. We combine culture with politics to engage young people in meaningful, effective ways.

In order to spread Turning Point USA’s message to as many audiences as possible and dominate the digital world, TPUSA’s Shows and Media Departments makes it possible to continue to develop digital impact and recruit new activists through the online medium.

Shows
 TPUSA Shows educates, enlightens, and entertains by creating unique and relevant daily and weekly content that spreads across the internet. This department currently maintains several ongoing projects such as POPlitics, Only In America, Real America with Graham Allen, Benny on the block, and Freedom Fights with many new projects in store. TPUSA Shows helps change the narrative in a space only the left has dominated for too long.

Media
 Turning Point USA’s Media Department identifies current and potential thought leaders and personalities that advance TPUSA’s mission of spreading the values of free markets and limited government in the fight to win the American culture war. This department equips social media influencers with every available resource necessary to spread these ideas on college campuses and throughout social and mainstream media.

The Republican Party's legacy -- we were originally founded in 1854 for the purpose of ending slavery -- compels us to patriotically defend America's values. As the left attempts to destroy what makes America great, the Republican Party is standing in the breach to defend our nation and way of life.

Turning Point USA has earned the reputation of being the premier brand in events for young conservative activists across the country. Turning Point USA hosts 6 National Summits and 8 Regional Conferences each year, which consistently attract students from every state in the country. Each conference features the top thought leaders in the conservative movement as well as provides resourceful break-out training and networking sessions for attendees. Past speakers include: President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, Jared Kushner, Ambassador Nikki Haley, Donald Trump Jr, Kimberly Guilfoyle, Ben Shapiro, Tucker Carlson, Secretary Betsey DeVos, and many more.

We believe it is equally important to expose young people to tremendously intellectual and inspiring speakers – as well as provide students with the tools they need to effectively battle the left. Additionally, a strong sense of community is established at TPUSA regional and national events, providing a place for young people to realize that they are not alone in their conservative values, but rather, they have an army of like-minded peers across the nation. You can learn more about our events, and apply to attend, here.

Turning Point USA’s mission is to educate students about the importance of fiscal responsibility, free markets, and limited government. TPUSA activists are the community organizers of the right.

TPUSA ACTIVISTS STRIVE TO:
Educate students about the importance of freedom, free markets, and limited government. With innovative marketing techniques and strategic outreach methods, TPUSA has expanded our presence to include 3,000 high school and college campuses nationwide.

Identify student activists across the country who believe in limited government and individual liberty. TPUSA activists are the community organizers of the right.

Empower young activists to get involved in the fight for free markets and limited government. Through building strong campus networks, organizing conferences, and equipping activists with the knowledge and strategies needed to combat the left, TPUSA empowers young people to make a difference within their community.

Organize young activists in chapters and networks across the country. TPUSA believes there is strength in organization, and our activists work tirelessly to build grassroots networks on every high school and college campus in America.

Mobilize students who believe in free markets. TPUSA mobilizes its networks to get involved in activism, issue advocacy, public policy education, and grassroots organization.

Register students to vote. TPUSA has helped thousands of college students apply for voter registration and access absentee ballots.
